Adds nearest projection mapping for quad meshes (#697)
precice/precice: docs/changelog/697.md

> * Added support for planar quads based on triangulation. Quads will be split along the shortest diagonal to maximize the area-to-perimeter ratio. Note that this triangulation will be visible in configured mesh exports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for planar quads based on triangulation, needed, for instance for nearest-projection mapping. Quads will be split along the shortest diagonal to minimize the mapping error. Note that this triangulation will be visible in configured mesh exports.
```

Reviewer 2: Is the use case really worth mentioning here?

Reviewer: Yes, that's how users relate to quads. Otherwise we will only get "wait, what do I need quads for?"
